The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.-Nelson Mandela
No country can really develop unless its citizens are educated.-Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.-Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking.-Steve Jobs
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.-Steve Jobs
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life-Steve Jobs
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.-Eleanor Roosevelt
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.-John Lennon
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.-Walt Disney
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.-Steve Jobs
It's really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them.-Steve Jobs
Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.-Steve Jobs
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected.-Steve Jobs
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.-John Lennon
The more I see, the less I know for sure.-John Lennon
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.-John Lennon
One thing you can't hide, is when you're crippled inside.-John Lennon
Living is Easy with Eyes Closed.-John Lennon
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.-John Lennon
I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary.-Elon Musk
When you struggle with a problem, that's when you understand it.-Elon Musk
Engineering is the closest thing to magic that exists in the world.-Elon Musk
Many things are improbable, only a few are impossible.-Elon Musk
Some people don't like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster.-Elon Musk
People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else.-Elon Musk
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.-Robert Louis Stevenson
Do one thing every day that scares you.-Eleanor Roosevelt
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.-Eleanor Roosevelt
Science isn't about WHY It's about WHY NOT!... In fact, why not invent a special safety door that won't hit you in the butt on the way out because you're fired.-Cave Johnson
Now maybe you don't have tumors. Well, don't worry. If you sat on a folding chair in the lobby and weren't wearing lead underpants. We took care of that too.-Cave Johnson
That's the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up.-Walt Disney
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence in society.-Mark Twain
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.-Mark Twain
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.-Mark Twain
Whoever established the high road and how high it should be should be fired.-Sandra Bullock
If I die tomorrow, will I have gotten everything in the world I've ever wanted? No. But I will have gotten everything that's made me happiest.-Sandra Bullock
Paparazzi need more flattering lenses.-Sandra Bullock
Instant gratification takes too long.-Carrie Fisher
Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die.-Carrie Fisher
I don’t want life to imitate art. I want life to be art.-Carrie Fisher
Sometimes you can only find Heaven by slowly backing away from Hell.-Carrie Fisher
Take your broken heart, make it into art.-Carrie Fisher
When life gives you lemons, don’t make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don’t want your damn lemons, what the hell am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life’s manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? I’m the man who’s gonna burn your house down! With the lemons! I’m gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that burns your house down!-Cave Johnson
remature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming.-Donald Knuth
Always remember, however, that there’s usually a simpler and better way to do something than the first way that pops into your head.-Donald Knuth
If you optimize everything, you will always be unhappy.-Donald Knuth
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.-Donald Knuth
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.-Donald Knuth
Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it.-Donald Knuth
I'm obsessively detail-oriented.-Donald Knuth
There's ways to amuse yourself while doing things and thats how I look at efficency.-Donald Knuth
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind.-Donald Knuth
Programs are meant to be read by humans and only incidentally for computers to execute.-Donald Knuth  
This country will not be a good place for any of us to live in unless we make it a good place for all of us to live in.-Theodore Roosevelt 
Knowing what's right doesn't mean much unless you do what's right.-Theodore Roosevelt 
You can't choose your potential, but you can choose to fulfill it.-Theodore Roosevelt 
To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society.-Theodore Roosevelt 
There really is no learning without doing.-Roger Schank